Tutorial for Validator contributions (#2659)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/TOOLS/DIS/Tutorials/DisValidatorContribution.md

## About

In this tutorial, you will explore collaborative software development and DevOps with a focus on adding new checks to the Validator (which is also incorporated in DataMiner Integration Studio (DIS)) and on CI/CD. You will learn how to navigate the Validator source code, add a new check, and create a pull request. With a hands-on exercise using fake Validator source code, you will get to utilize GitHub to create a fork, a clone, and a pull request with your changes so that you will be ready to contribute to the actual Validator.

The only difference between the tutorial and actual contributions lies in the fork used in step 2:

- In the tutorial, you will fork [https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.ValidatorsExercise](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.ValidatorsExercise)

- For real Validator contributions, you will fork [https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.Validators](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/Skyline.DataMiner.CICD.Validators)

> Missing test: When adding the "datetime" option to the *Measurement.Type* tag, check if the *Display* tag contains a `<Decimals>8</Decimals>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exercise is to develop the missing validator check and create a pull request for the following situation: 
When adding the "datetime" option to the *Measurement.Type* tag, the *Display* tag should always contains a `<Decimals>8</Decimals>` tag.
```
